Improve retry mechanism (#260)
yahoo/fetchr: README.md

For requests from the server, the config object is simply passed into the service being called.

## Retry

> You can set Fetchr to retry failed requests automatically by setting a
> `retry` settings in the client configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set Fetchr to retry failed requests automatically by setting a `retry` settings in the client configuration:
```

## Retry

You can set Fetchr to retry failed requests automatically by setting a
`retry` settings in the client configuration:

```js
fetcher
    .read('service')
    .clientConfig({
        retry: {
            maxRetries: 2,
        },
    })
    .end();
```

With this configuration, Fetchr will retry all requests that fail with 408 status code or with an XHR 0 status code two more times before returning an error. The interval between each request respects
the following formula, based on the exponential backoff and full jitter strategy published in [this AWS architecture blog post](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/exponential-backoff-and-jitter/):

```js
Math.random() * Math.pow(2, attempt) * interval;
```

`attempt` is the number of the current retry attempt starting
from 0. By default `interval` corresponds to 200ms.

You can customize the retry behavior by adding more properties in the
`retry` object:

```js
fetcher
    .read('resource')
    .clientConfig({
        retry: {
            maxRetries: 5,
            interval: 1000,
            statusCodes: [408, 502],
        },
    })
    .end();
```

> With the above configuration, Fetchr will retry for at maxiumum of 5
> times all the requests that fails with a 408 or 502 status code. The
> interval between each request will still use the formula from above,
> but the interval of 1000ms will be used instead.
> 
> **Note:** Fetchr doesn't retry POST requests for safety reasons. You
> can enable retries for POST requests by setting the `unsafeAllowRetry`
> property to `true`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the above configuration, Fetchr will retry all failed (408 or 502 status code) requests for a maximum of 5 times. The interval between each request will still use the formula from above, but the interval of 1000ms will be used instead.

**Note:** Fetchr doesn't retry POST requests for safety reasons. You can enable retries for POST requests by setting the `unsafeAllowRetry` property to `true`:
```

For requests from the server, the config object is simply passed into the service being called.

## Retry

You can set Fetchr to retry failed requests automatically by setting a
`retry` settings in the client configuration:

```js
fetcher
    .read('service')
    .clientConfig({
        retry: {
            maxRetries: 2,
        },
    })
    .end();
```

> With this confiugration, Fetchr will retry all requests that fails
> with 408 status code or with a XHR 0 status code for 2 more times
> before returning an error. The interval between each requests respects
> the following formula, based on the exponential backoff and full jitter strategy published in [this AWS architecture blog post](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/exponential-backoff-and-jitter/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, Fetchr will retry all requests that fail with 408 status code or with an XHR 0 status code two more times before returning an error. The interval between each request respects
the following formula, based on the exponential backoff and full jitter strategy published in [this AWS architecture blog post](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/exponential-backoff-and-jitter/):
```
